arisu the alice of the title he is an
avid gamer
he is very clever but he is also a
dropout from society
much to the dismay of his stern father
and hard-working brother
he is clearly still harboring some sad
trauma over the death of his mother
and he finds solace in his friends
caribbe and chota
whom he arranged to meet up with outside
the bustling shibuya station after
leaving his house during an argument at
home
the friends have to text each other the
messages show up on screen just to
locate one another at the shibuya
crossing
arisu caribbea and chotas messing around
by playing at the center of the crossing
earns them the attention of the
authorities
and all three took shelter in a toilet
cubicle inside the shibuya station
while running they saw a daytime
firework which is actually a meteor
hurling towards tokyo
no one sets off fireworks in the daytime
suddenly the lights went out in the
toilet which is the moment the meteorite
impact took place in tokyo
at this moment some people died and some
entered a coma
at this moment when the lights went out
they entered the borderland
a place between life and death with
judgment or games to separate out who
lives and who dies
those closer to the impact center
entered borderland first
when they emerged the entirety of tokyo
including shibuya crossing
one of the most famous busy junctions in
the world is empty and the trio begin to
poke around
all their phones are dead nobody is
around
the telltale sign of they are in
borderland is that the coffee is still
hot with steam coming out from it
this is the sign that as if a snapshot
is taken and time stops at that moment
behind them a building lights up to
inform them that a game will commence in
a moment
and an arrow directs them to the arena
where it will take place
with no better ideas they followed the
arrow to the game master
gm building where they picked up new
smartphones with face recognition
software that relay details of the game
to the players
who also included the experienced
shivoki sayori and a newbie high school
female student who is only present to
make the players and audience to be
aware of the stakes
those stakes are life-threatening once
the game was underway
it has a border that instantly kills any
player who crosses it with a laser
a playing card the three of clubs
denotes the difficulty of the game
which is called dead or alive the rules
are simple
in a series of rooms and within a
shortening time limit
the players must select the correct door
out of two choices
marked live or die there is a two-minute
timer on the first room
which eventually starts flooding with
gas here is where the no name high
school girl is offered as a sacrifice to
prove to the players that choosing the
wrong door means instant death
though it is saying that she was
manipulated into choosing by shivoki
who believes this is a game of
sacrifices
but arisa quickly figures it out as a
game of logic
using his memory of the car parked
outside he is able to figure out the
rough shape and dimensions of the
building
using that to inform his decisions he
leads the group through the right door
each time
and despite chota getting caught by the
flames on the way out
they all made it out alive eris's
intelligence is depicted as a sort of
superpower
but you can really follow the train of
logic here and the smart use of a
diagram that let the audience see the
decision-making process
since the game was ranked as the three
of clubs that gives the winners a
three-day visa
to explain what that means a random man
stumbles into the alleyway to declare
that he's dropping out of the game
since it never ends no matter how much
you clear
his visa had expired and he was lasered
to death by a laser shooting from the
sky
instantly we have our stakes set so high
that the characters must continue
playing
right on cue we see lights of the laser
crop up all over tokyo
shooting from the sky and ending the
lives of the players whose visas had
expired
as the camera cuts to a woman who is
usagi the female lead who stood
on a rooftop surveying the city
alice in borderland episode 2 starts
with yusaji who is a mountain climber
that made a promise to her father that
she is going to survive
the camera then transit to shivoki to
her everyone disappeared three days ago
yet for the three men arisu chota and
karabe
the disappearance happened only
yesterday the group were discussing
different theories about borderland
arisu found some rotting vegetables in a
car while out and about
so the timelines are obviously different
for everyone as vegetables do not rot
within one day
the explanation is that those who were
nearer to the meteorite impact center
entered into a coma first after the
impact
and entered the borderland to play the
games earlier
shivoki was in the center of the impact
hence she arrived in borderland two days
earlier
the virtual reality and emp theories do
not work as borderland is a place
between real life
and death either way chota need to see a
doctor to seek treatment for his burn
so karabee suggested that arisu and him
play the next game together in order to
meet more people and potentially try to
find a doctor
while arisu and karabe were away shivoki
tried to bribe chota so that chota will
protect shivoki during the next game
both shivoki and chota had flashback
about their past
shivoki worked extremely hard to climb
up the corporate ladder and chota and
his mother were in a cult
the next game includes usagi karabee and
arisu
there was a total of 13 participants
this time
the difficulty this time is the five of
spades a man named nightobe explained
what the cards meant
the suits denote the type of game clubs
are a team battle
diamond's test wits spades our physical
test
and hearts the worst category force you
to play with people's emotions
the number obviously denotes difficulty
the game this time around
is tag and the goal is to touch two
buttons hidden in one of the apartments
in the housing block where the game will
take place while avoiding the tagger
after 20 minutes a time bomb hidden in
the apartment building will explode if
the buttons were not pressed
to everyone's surprise the tagger was
wearing a horse mask and was carrying a
submachine gun
the tagger goes around to mercilessly
shoots down the players
knightob has apparently played five
times but this will be his last game as
he was shot by the tagger
the anime had similar scenes of this
[Music]
game
a new smart looking character with long
silvery hair spent much of the game
observing from a vantage point
you saji wants to keep herself to
herself
but once the players begin being killed
off one by one by the tagger
usagi responded to aerys instructions
when he determines that the tagger's
mask limits his field of vision and that
they can exploit that weakness to avoid
and defeat the tagger
a strong-looking player named a gunny
and his partner teamed up with karabe to
physically take the tagger down while
aerosol and usagi search for the buttons
both arisu and long silver hair figured
out that the buttons were in the
apartment that the tagger fired at from
a distance as the tagger was trying to
keep the players away from the door
when they entered the apartment they
were attacked by another tagger and were
separated
arisu made it into the room with the
buttons but it requires two people to
push the two separate buttons at the
same time
aerosol shouted for help as a gunny
fought one tagger and arisu fought the
other
yousaji made her way into the room in
the nick of time and both arisu and her
were able to clear the game with only a
second remaining
the tagger in the room was revealed to
be a woman wearing a collar that
detonates once she lost the game
the taggers had no choice but to play
the game
the episode ended with caraby finding a
walkie-talkie on a gunny's compatriot
the voice on the walkie talkie made an
announcement that the answer is in our
hands now and implores everyone to get
back to the beach
the beach will be explained in later
episodes
alice in borderland episode 3 starts
with the group back together
pondering about the beach as their next
promising lead
the group cannot follow up on it just
yet since chota and shivoki's visas were
about to expire so they needed to win a
game to renew their visas
arisu meanwhile was still struggling
with the guilt of the tagger's death
which he saddened him when karabe took a
slight detour to pick up an engagement
ring from his former place of work
chota scolded him because he and shivoki
were running out of time to renew their
visas
the next game was designated a seven of
hearts and was designed to test their
relationship
this game which took place at the indoor
botanical gardens
was much more terrible than the games
that we had watched so far as it seems
it is only possible for one person to
win
it as part of the rules everyone must
wear a pair of goggles
one person was designated a wolf and the
other three people were the sheep
a sheep found by a wolf becomes the next
wolf and so on
and so forth passing the role of the
wolf back and forth
whoever is the wolf at the end wins and
all the sheep's collars explode
a wolf catches a sheep by making eye
contact with it
so the idea was to become the wolf and
then run away and hide
chota becomes the first wolf but shivoki
quickly steals the position from him and
ran away
caraby chased shivoki and they fought
while arisu implored them to help him
outsmart the game rather than just give
in to the rules of this terrible heart
card game
arisu managed to become the wolf by
calling out to karabe
karabe started to tear into aerosol
verbally after he realized what aerosol
had done
aerosol was still struggling with his
many other anxieties and insecurities
and not to mention the seemingly
inevitable prospect of losing his
friends in this game
we watched some flashbacks of aerys
relationship with his father and his
brother hajime
and to a bit more of the arisu chota and
caribe friendship
which this game is obviously designed to
test
with time running out arisu offered to
drop out
since his friends are all that matter to
him he was the wolf
but when he ran out into the open he
cannot find anyone to pass the role of
the wolf to
nobody responded to him on the radio and
we see chota dragged shivoki with his
hand over her mouth
into the foliage of some plants they
were all hiding from him and sacrificing
themselves for him
the timer counted down to zero and the
callers exploded
caribe's right in front of arisu alice
in borderland just killed off three of
its four main characters in just the
third episode which is a major twist to
the storyline
this episode is a very touching story of
true friendship
will you sacrifice yourself for your
friend after the incredibly sad ending
of the previous episode
arisa was struggling in fact usagi
while out ringing a rabbit's neck found
him collapsed in the middle of the road
waiting to die there is a flashback
about usage's key relationship
with her father a fellow climber who was
accused of faking his widely publicized
no oxygen tank climbs and subsequently
got himself killed trying to attempt the
same feat of a no oxygen tank climb
again
the loss of her father obviously deeply
affected yusuji
so she knows how arisa felt when he said
that he just wants to die as he is
saddened by his friend's death
she reasoned that since they are going
to die at some point they might as well
do their best to honor the dead and
their sacrifice aerys's visa was due to
expire so he needed to play another game
and usage wants to repay arisu for
saving her life during the episode two
tag game
so they attempted the next challenge
together which began on a bus in an
underground highway
a team of three men was already on the
bus they had cleared many games together
this game is called distance and is
rated a four of clubs
the objective is to reach a goal or a
safe endpoint
one of the three men takuma has a
severely injured leg and cannot run
so he sadly asked his friends to leave
him behind
the distance tracker on the smartphone
keeps on tracking the miles the group
reached a replenishment station with
cups of water which they are all too
hesitant to drink from so usagi shared
her little bottle of water with aerosol
and he shared it with everyone else
further on they came face to face with a
panther that pursues them
season one of the three men was eaten
leaving behind only the last man from
the group of three
the group came across an old royal
enfield motorcycle with a diesel engine
which should still run despite the
suspected emp detonation since it does
not have any electrical circuits
arisu pushed the bike back to the start
point and used the diesel in it to fuel
up the bus and to rescue takuma
arisu is motivated by the loss of his
three friends to save takuma at all cost
there should be just enough time to get
back to the bus fuel it up and then
drive all the way to the destination and
usagi and the other man continued the
run to scout ahead
having made it to what they believe was
the end point at the end of the tunnel
usage and the man sat down and had a
chat about their families until they
were interrupted by jets of water
bursting through the metal wall at the
end of the tunnel
more water began to leak in they ran
back towards the starting point
the man fell and was engulfed by the
flood waters
usagi was saved in the nick of time by
arisu who dragged her onto the
fast-moving bus which was toppled over
by the floodwater
everyone on the bus were knocked out
when the bus toppled over
when everyone woke up they saw the
graffiti on the side of the bus that
reads goal
their distance counters had been
counting how far away from the goal they
were getting
they were safe at zero the bus was the
goal all along
with their visas renewed arisu and usagi
decided to head to the beach next
[Music]
arisu and usagi tried to find the beach
in the highly urbanized tokyo but to no
avail
arisu being the gentleman initially
refused to share the tent with yusuji
until he was surrounded by insects
eventually he had no choice but to join
usagi in the tent since sleep
deprivation will be a big danger to them
during the games
usagi taught arisu how to hunt which
arisa learned quickly since he can
relate it to the principles of an online
game that he likes
they also continue to monitor real-world
card games looking for clues about the
beach and aerosol hits on the idea of
looking out for people wearing locker
keys
like the ones that a gunny and his
compatriot were wearing during the game
of tag in the second episode
they both followed cars with people with
the locker keys and gave chase
somehow keeping pace with their cars on
foot and following them to a destination
that looks very much like a seaside
resort and they were knocked out and
taken prisoners
they were taken to a seaside resort
named the beach and its leader
is named hatter as he previously sold
hats in real life
it also introduces the goal of the beach
which is to collect
all the numbered playing cards and use
them to send one person back to the
normal world
while hatter knew that this was a lie to
unite everyone he was not far from the
truth as the joker at the end of season
two gave all remaining players who beat
the face cards in the games
a choice to go back to real life hence
the cards are the goal but it is to beat
the cards at the games and not to
collect the cards
hatter and his executive board would
like arisa and usagi to help collect the
missing cards
the beach is a self-sufficient community
with its own resources and rules
including a mandate on swimwear and a
zero-tolerance trader policy
if arisu and usagi do not want to help
they will be killed as traitors
with no other choice arisu and usagi
joined up and the seven of hearts card
that aerosol won was a missing card that
made him and yusuji eligible for a
promotion
the beach is a party hot spot where
everything is allowed and even
encouraged
when the game started everyone gathered
and cheered the members who will be
playing in the games on
a gunny from episode 2 is the leader of
the militant faction who controls the
beach's weapons and sits on hatter's
executive board
silverhair occupies a seat on that
along with a partnership with kuina a
woman who keeps an unlit cigarette in
her
mouth as a quit smoking aid we were
shown montages of various games taking
place and how the members from the beach
cooperate to work together to win the
games
arisu joined n who is an executive
member for a game called light bulb with
the participants who stood in gradually
rising water
the objective is to determine which
switch a b
or c turns on a light bulb in an
adjoining room but you only get one
opportunity to test a switch with the
door open
arisu was able to figure out the right
solution using logical reasoning
anne is impressed with aerosol and he
passed the test to join the executive
board
arisa returned to the beach when a gunny
ordered his men to take usagi away and
hatter himself was forced to intervene
during the executive meeting hatter
announced that he will be participating
in the next game
both to extend his visa and in the hope
of locating the elusive ten of hearts
we get an ominous zoom in on a gunny
when hatter said that he will be leaving
his executives in charge during his
absence
hatter explained his backstory to arisa
that he was the host at a gentleman's
club
he believed that everyone revered him
and will be happy to see him return to
the real-life
world as a hero
after experiencing life at the beach
arisu
and usagi determined that life at the
beach is not for them
most of the residents at the beach were
quite happy with the lifestyle they
enjoyed and were quite loyal to the
leader
hatter when arisu found a container full
of rotting corpses
it shows that hatter was deadly serious
about the death to the trader's rule
the character silver hair whose name is
kaiseia introduced himself to arisu and
yusuji
as suspected he and kuana have an
ulterior motive
kaiseia was planning to steal all the
playing cards and escape from the beach
the militants were due to take over any
time now and the beach will not be as
nice once the militants have taken over
naragi's psychopathy is on full display
when hatter's corpse returns from a
failed game attempt
while intimidating all the other
executives into electing a gunny as the
new leader
at gunpoint he starts beating hatter's
corpse with the butt of his rifle which
is very disrespectful
as the militants were now in charge this
gave kaizhiya the opportunity he needed
as there was a change in leadership the
new number one must know the code for
the safe that contains the beach's
collection of playing cards
kai'saya using his considerable
deductive abilities figured out the code
is the 8055 or boss and sent arisa to
break into the safe during a gunny's
inauguration speech
unfortunately arisa was caught in the
act and naragi viciously beats him
unconscious
arisa was held captive in a room until
his visa expired
meanwhile anne performs an autopsy on
hatter and discovers that hatter was
executed
and kai'saya having learned from aerys
failure realized that the real safe was
behind a painting and successfully stole
the playing cards
yusuji was not safe as naragi wanted to
attack her
suddenly the lights went out kaiseyaya
and kuna discovered that a laser border
had been erected around the beach
it had become a game arena the next game
was going to involve everyone to play
for the ten of hearts card
when everyone assembled in the foyer
they found monica dead
having been stabbed in the chest the
game is called witch hunt
the objective was to figure out who
killed monica within the next two hours
and burned the murderer in the pyre
outside the building
[Music]
as the witch hunt game got underway
everything was becoming chaotic
the residents of the beach guessed that
monica's best friend asahi is the witch
but usagi intervened and anne revealed
to everyone that hatter was murdered
the murder of hatter rallied the other
members of the beach against the
militants
especially once they learned that the
bullet used to kill hatter is the same
caliber as the ammo used by the
militants
once enugi arrives the militants begin
butchering everyone
and tossing the corpses into the fire to
try to win the witch hunt game
you sagi attempted to find arisa and
anne tried to take a more scientific
approach by dusting the murder weapon
for fingerprints as she was a
policewoman
she and kuana were confronted and
stopped by the psychotic
tattooed sword-wielding militant last
boss and kuana stood her ground while
anne escaped
elsewhere kizhiya confronted naragi on
the roof as he took sniper shots at the
fleeing
crowd below naragi had his flashback of
being bullied in school causing him to
become violent
last boss has a hard time with kuana who
a flashback revealed that she was a
transgender and left her house after a
falling out with her martial art master
father
last boss also had his flashback being a
struggling story writer who may have
died from overwork
meanwhile kaise aya burned naragi with a
homemade flamethrower
usagi manages to rescue arisu after a
lot of searching
he reasoned that the witch was being
forced to participate against her will
like the taggers earlier in episode two
as arisu pondered what he would do if he
were the witch
we got a very brief flashback of a gunny
and hatter as a gunny stared sorrowfully
into the pyre of burning bodies
just as aerosol was speculating and
figured out the culprit but before she
could tell anyone she was knocked
unconscious
arisu declared that he knows who the
witch is
the episode ended on this cliffhanger
[Music]
this last episode starts with the
handheld footage of mamoka and asahi in
their early days in borderland
arizo confronts a gunny and a gunny
begins to beat arisu
so usagi intervenes and accuses ogunni
of being the witch
he admits being the witch out of anguish
and sadness but arisa knew that a gunny
was not the witch
in a flashback in hatter's hat shop we
saw that a gunny and hatter were good
friends in real life after hatter's last
game
hatter and oguni visited the gentlemen's
club where hatter used to host
a gunny wanted to end the beach knowing
that they were losing control of naragi
and the militants
during the argument hatter pointed a gun
at a gunny and a gunny shot had her
to a gunny's sadness hatter's gun has no
bullets in it which meant that hatter
never wanted to hunt a gunny
his good friend saddened by hatter's
death and blaming it on the beach
a gunny wanted to kill everyone at the
beach because a gunny believed that the
members of the beach were the ones who
made hatter crazy
that's why this is a game of hearts to
make a fool of everyone
arisu determined that mamoka herself was
the witch
asahi brought the carnage to an end by
declaring that she was the dealer of the
game
which causes her to be instantly killed
by a laser
anne arrived right on time to reveal
that the murder weapon had reverse grip
fingerprints
which proved that mamo custabbed herself
considering these revelations arisa was
finally able to talk some sense into a
gunny
but the severely burned naragi arrived
and began to open fire at the people
aganee sacrificed himself and took
naragi down
in the aftermath everyone threw mamoka's
body into the pyre and the game ended
the resort where the beach was burned to
the ground
arisu found asahi's phone and watched
the video that was shown at the start of
this episode
in which asahi and mamoka explained how
they helped to organize the games
and how they secretly participated in
them to influence things
the video depicted mamoka entering the
lair of the dealers
bustling spires of monitors that
surround the dealers in circular shape
arisu and usagi retraced the girls steps
from the video
they found the dealer's lair full of
dead bodies
the dealers were executed after the
players won the ten of hearts card game
kizhiya was already there with cuina
having found his way there by
deciphering the subway map he found
earlier from the tagger's body in
episode two
as the monitors began to come to life
for an emergency broadcast
myra appeared she informed the surviving
players that they will be presented with
face cards games starting the very next
day as a present
alice in borderland ends with zeppelins
flying over tokyo
carrying the elusive face cards banner
season two will be the battle with the
face cards and finally joker reveals
himself and the surviving players choose
to snap out of their coma in the
borderland and wake up to return to the
real world
[Music]
you